## Sewer 0.8.3 Release Notes

This will attempt to list all the changes that affect users of the
`sewer-cli` program, including even cosmetic changes.  If you use sewer as a
library you may find internal changes not called out here.

**New `sewer-cli` features are usually just mentioned, see
[sewer-cli.md](sewer-cli) for more complete documentation.**

### What's New

- added many words in the /docs directory.  A lot of it is internals
  documentation; a lot of it was written to help me understand exactly how
  some things worked and decide how they should be improved - design essays,
  as it were.  Much of it is sure to still be in some intermediate state.

- new documentation of the [`sewer-cli` user command](sewer-cli).  Tries to
  be _as-is in 0.8.3_ while warning about things that are sure to change
  later.

- `--acme_timeout` has been added (revised from menduo's PR #154)

- `--p_opt name=value ...` allows passing multiple driver options through
  the command line.  This is preferred over single-purpose cli options that
  were briefly present in pre-release work since they eliminate the need to
  manually add new driver options to the cli parser.

- `alias` parameter (in DNSProviderBase) added; available through `--p_opt
  alias=...` for `sewer-cli`.  **NB: legacy drivers do NOT implement
  aliasing yet - code changes required** except for the demonstration DNS
  driver, unbound_ssh.

- `prop_delay`, `prop_timeout` and `prop_sleep_times` (in DNSProviderBase)
  Available through the `--p_opt` option in `sewer-cli`, though no legacy
  provider has the driver support necessary to make `prop_timeout` and
  `prop_sleep_times` work.

### What's Changed

Mostly I've tried to avoid changes that were likely to break things.  More
so for `sewer-cli` than those who use the inner workings of Client, of
course.

- the default log level for providers changed from INFO to WARNING,
  so by default they don't natter so much.  Makes `sewer-cli` a little quieter
  when there are no problems.  (there's more to be done - it looks like some
  messages that are clearly informational are written at a higher priority.)

- all the legacy DNS providers have been minimally revised to accept some
  new options (alias and prop_delay) and pass them up to their parent classes.

- `sewer-cli` interface to providers has been augmented to pass some new options
  (--acme_timeout, driver parameters from --p_opts)

- `sewer-cli` has had long option abbreviations disabled in argparse.  This
  was never documented in sewer, and is an attractive nuisance since the
  addition of another option can break an abbreviation.  Everyone wants more
  options, right?  <wink>

- `unbound_ssh` driver, a working demonstration of using aliasing support in
  a legacy DNS driver.  Needs a rather specific environment to work, but I
  just renewed a handful of certificates using it the other day.  :-)

- JSON configuration has arrived.  meta.json replaces __version__.py.
  catalog.json adds a central description of known drivers, replacing the
  mess of imports (removed, see below), and some non-DRY lists in setup.py
  and cli.py.

- `sewer.catalog` provides loading of the JSON catalog as well as methods to
  lookup the driver's descriptor by name and load the module; replaces the
  mess of imports

### Breakage

- removed all the imports in __init__.py (both sewer & dns_providers).  This
  *will* affect you if you've just done `import sewer` and access especially
  the provider classes as eg.  `sewer.ThatDNSDns`.  ~~Using proper imports,
  eg., `import sewer.dns_providers.thatdns.ThatDNSDns` is the current
  workaround, sorry.~~  Recommended use is now something like
  ```
  from sewer import catalog

  pro_cls = catalog.ProviderCatalog().get_provider("route53")
  provider = pro_cls(...arguments as needed...)
  ```
  **This does NOT affect `sewer-cli` users.**

### Deprecated

- `--action {run,renew}` option has never actually had any effect and is no
  longer required (since 0.8.2?).  LOGS A WARNING IN 0.8.3.
