# Sewer 0.8.4 Release Notes

## What's New

- ECDSA keys supported (account and/or certificate keys)

- optional `client` argument to route53 driver for special use cases

## What's Changed in the sewer Command

Basically nothing for many users, other than the change in default for
sewer-generated RSA key size to follow current security guidance.  You will
have to use the new `*_key_type` options if you have a hard requirement for
2048 bit RSA keys (most likely for the certificate key only).

- `--acct_key` & `--cert_key` should be used to designate the file that
  holds the keys to be used (rather than having new ones generated). 
  `--account_key` & `--certificate_key` are still accepted as synonyms but
  will be phased out later.

- add `--acct_key_type` & `--cert_key_type` to allow choice of RSA or EC
  keys and key sizes when sewer is generating them for you.

- changed default for generated keys to 3072 bit RSA (had been 2048 bit)

- add `--is_new_key` to allow for first-time registration of your own
  account key (using `--acct_key`) generated outside of sewer.

`--is-new-key` allows an externally generated account key (specified with
`--acct_key`) to be registered with ACME when first used.  Since there's
been basically no way to do this from the CLI, I doubt the addition will
affect anyone who isn't interested in the new capability.

## Internal changes for library clients:

- Client class methods cert() and renew() are deprecated; just call
  get_certificate() directly instead.

- Client class **no longer generates keys**.  (see below)

- crytographic refactoring

  - AcmeKey, AcmeAccount & AcmeCsr in crypto.py; uses only cryptography library

  - This is what enables ECDSA keys and provides selection by name

- Client.__init__ interface changes due to crypto refactoring

  - dropped `account_key` and `certificate_key` optional arguments to Client

  - added `acct_key` and `cert_key` REQUIRED arguments to Client taking
    AcmeAccount and AcmeKey objects, respectively.

  - add `is_new_acct` argument to force registration of the supplied account
    key

  - dropped `bits` argument because Client no longer generates keys!

  - dropped `digest` argument since there are currently no alternate digest
    methods for the different key types.  (was this ever used?)

## Breakage

None that I know of (aside from hard changes in Client() interface listed
above), so let me know if you find any!

## Deprecated

- `--action {run,renew}` option has never actually had any effect and is no
  longer required (since 0.8.2?).  LOGS A WARNING IN 0.8.3.  **Will be
  removed in 0.8.5.**

- As mentioned above, CLI `*_key` argument names are changing.  Expect they
  will issue a warning in 0.8.5 and go away in 0.8.6.
