# Sewer 0.8.3 Release Notes

This will attempt to list all the changes that affect users of the
`sewer-cli` program, including even cosmetic changes.  If you use sewer as a
library you may find internal changes not called out here.

**New `sewer-cli` features are usually just mentioned, see
[sewer-cli.md](sewer-cli) for further information.**

## What's New

- added many words in the /docs directory.  A lot of it is internals
  documentation; a lot of it was written to help me understand exactly how
  some things worked and decide how they should be improved - design essays,
  as it were.  Much of it is sure to still be in some intermediate state.

- new documentation of the [`sewer-cli` user command](sewer-cli).  Tries to
  be _as-is in 0.8.3_ while warning about things that are sure to change
  later.

- --acme_timeout has been added (revised from menduo's PR #154)

- `alias` parameter (in DNSProviderBase) and --alias_domain cli option added.
  **NB: legacy drivers do NOT implement aliasing yet - code changes req'd**

- `prop_delay`, `prop_timeout` and `prop_sleep_times` (in DNSProviderBase)
  Only --prop_delay cli option added since no legacy provider has support for
  propagation checking (which the other prop_* parameters are for).

## What's Changed

Mostly I've tried to avoid changes that were likely to break things.  More
so for `sewer-cli` than those who use the inner workings of Client, of
course.

- the default log level for providers changed from INFO to WARNING,
  so by default they don't natter so much.  Makes `sewer-cli` a little quieter.

- all the legady DNS providers have been minimally revised to accept some
  new options and pass them up to their parent classes.

- `sewer-cli` interface to providers has been augmented to pass some new options
  (--acme_timeout, --prop_delay, ...)

## Breakage

- removed all the imports in __init__.py (both sewer & dns_providers).  This
  *will* affect you if you've just done `import sewer` and access especially
  the provider classes as eg.  `sewer.ThatDNSDns`.  That's busted now, and
  the intended upgrade requires a catalog of providers and some helpers that
  has been deferred to 0.9 because implementing that requires larger
  breaking changes.  Sorry 'bout that, and hope you like the omelette anyway.
