# ACME, RFCs, and confusion, oh my!

ACME grew out of early, ad-hoc procedures designed to let CAs issue large
numbers of certificates with low overhead.  As described in RFC855, these
would go something like this:

> * Generate a PKCS#10 [RFC2986] Certificate Signing Request (CSR).
> * Cut and paste the CSR into a CA's web page.
> * Prove ownership of the domain(s) in the CSR by one of the following methods:
>     + Put a CA-provided challenge at a specific place on the web server
>     + Put a CA-provided challenge in a DNS record corresponding to the target domain
>     + Receive a CA-provided challenge at (hopefully) an administrator-controlled email 
>       address corresponding to the domain, and then respond to it on the CA's web page
> * Download the issued certificate and install it on the user's web server
>
> With the exception of the CSR itself and the certificates that are
> issued, these are all completely ad hoc procedures and are
> accomplished by getting the human user to follow interactive natural
> language instructions from the CA rather than by machine-implemented
> published protocols.

HTTP validation was the first mechanism, matching the first method of
proving ownership in the above.  The rest of what
[Let's Encrypt](https://letsencrypt.org)
added was automating the process (and rearranging it a bit, having the proof
of control happen before the CSR, etc.).  Years later, the IETF standardized
the ACME protocol, and there are other variants that have been (or will be)
standardized.

## RFC8555

The [IETF](https://www.ietf.org/) has published
[RFC8555](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc8555) defining the ACME protocol
for http-01 and dns-01 validations of dns-name authorizations.  These are
the sort of ACME authorizations that we usually think of, and which sewer
works with.  The RFC was published in the spring of 2019, but it wasn't
until near the end of that year that Let's Encrypt adopted the full v.2 on
only their *staging* server.  There's some elaborate and, from what I can
make out, often-shifting schedule for various partial transitions, but I'm
not going to try to make sense of them.  As of the beginning of 2020, the
only immediate effect on sewer was that one could no longer run it against
the *staging* server.  The next big change is when that same restriction is
rolled out on LE's *production* server later in the year.  Since sewer
v0.8.2, which implemented the final RFC8555 protocol at least well enough to
work with LE's server implementation, our tl;dr is just this:

> If you get a failure running an older version of sewer, get v0.8.2 or
  later.  This is a known problem: v0.8.2 or later is the fix.

### RSA Keys

LE probably accepts RSA keys of a wide range of sizes.  Traditionally sewer
has used a 2048 bit RSA key by default, with a _bits_ option available in
the Client() interface, with no support from the command line.  As part of
the crypto overhaul, 0.8.4 has introduced support for several sizes of RSA
key by name (matching the elliptical curve keys it added).  2048, 3072 and
4096 bit RSA keys can be called for, and the default (for keys not
explicitly provided and so generated by the cli program) is changed to a
3072 bit RSA key for both the account key and the certificate key.  Either
or both can use an externally generated key (of one of these sizes only) or
you can (from the cli) change the generated key type & size for each.

SHA256 is the only hash algorithm for signing with an RSA key that LE
currently accepts, and so there is no option to change it.

### Elliptic Curve Keys and Certificates

RFC8555 specifies _An ACME server MUST implement the "ES256" signature algorithm
[RFC7518] and SHOULD implement the "EdDSA" signature algorithm using
the "Ed25519" variant (indicated by "crv") [RFC8037].  As of 0.8.4, sewer
supports all the EC curves which LE currently accepts.  These are
_secp256r1_ (P-256 curve using ES256 for signatures) and _secp384r1_ (P-384
and ES384).  So once again there's no option for changing the signature
hashing algorithm.

LE does not currently accept an Ed25519 elliptic key not for any technical
reason but because the CAB (?) hasn't yet added it to their list of approved
keys/algorithms.  Apparently they see little benefit, and much potential
confusion, in accepting such as an account key when they are constrained not
to accept one in a csr.

## Other RFCs

You think RFC8555 is a lot to take in?  There is, as they say, much more:
this collection of RFCs that describe details referred to but not expounded
in good ol' 8555.

[RFC7515](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7515) specifies the Json Web
Signature and JOSE Header which is used by the ACME protocol.

[RFC7517](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7517) describes the Json Web Key

[RFC7518](https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc7518) describes Json Web
Algorithms, a few of which are used in the ACME protocol

[RFC7807](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7807) describes the JSON structure
of an error document such as those used by ACME

[RFC8037](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc8037) covers the ED25519 details
(not yet supported in either LE nor sewer).

Oh yes, there's another RFC for the new TLS authorization method which sewer
has (so far) no interest in.
